Replace occurrences of OpenRCT with OpenRCT2 (#11898)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Change: [#11209] Warn when user is running OpenRCT2 through Wine.
- Change: [#11358] Switch copy and paste button positions in tile inspector.
- Change: [#11449] Remove complete circuit requirement from Air Powered Vertical Coaster (for RCT1 parity).

> - Change: [#11898] The `openrct-data-path` parameter has been renamed to `openrct2-data-path`.

Reviewer: Perhaps the following is clearer:
```suggestion
- Change: [#11898] The `openrct-data-path` command-line argument has been renamed to `openrct2-data-path`.
```
